# DACCS executive committee meeting

## Logistics

Where: Online

When: 04/08/2023

Committee members present:

Other attendees:

Misha Schwartz
Alex Yu
Maximo Paredes Espinal
Taneea Agrawaal
Samuel Foucher
Steve Easterbrook

## Agenda

1. Round Table
2. Software Architecture
   - Minimal subset of components for a node
     - https://github.com/DACCS-Climate/DACCS-executive-committee/issues/1
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
    - discuss proposed federation documentation
      - https://github.com/DACCS-Climate/DACCS-executive-committee/pull/4
5. Opportunities for Growth
6. Other Topics
   - DACCS Network name
     - report results of poll after last meeting
     - https://github.com/DACCS-Climate/DACCS-executive-committee/issues/2
     - https://github.com/bird-house/birdhouse-deploy/issues/357

## Action Items

- Misha and Deepak to do a final review of STAC PR
- Misha to check with Charles and Francis if there is any future work to do on cowbird
- Put all presentation slides for DACCS in one place (get them from Steve, Misha, Maximo)
- Put logo file in same spot as presentation slides
- Misha and Steve (in discussion with Ouranos, CRIM, PCIC) to put together a list of resources needed to support heavy users (lots of CPU/GPU, etc.)
- Misha to investigate which "Marbles" domain names are available

## Notes

1. Round Table

    Maximo:
    
    - discussed roadmap for ending CRIM's direct involvement with DACCS
    - what stuff needs to be passed on to UofT 
    - discussion will continue as needed
    - Mathieu has been working on the STAC PR (he's currently on vacation but made good progress)
    - Does CRIM need to do any additional work on cowbird before they are done?
        - Misha: I don't think so (check with Charles and Francis)
    - The CRIM node (Hirondelle) should stay on the network even though its technically a development node

    Alex:

    - demo of the animated DACCS banner
      - option 1: logo superimposed over the globe
      - option 2: colour gradiant of the logo to shade countries
        - suggestion to choose a climate indicator and colour it for each country
    
    Steve:

    - a bunch of abstracts were submitted this week to AGU
    - submitted a report to CFI about budget
   
    Samuel:

    - will present DACCS to the department soon
    - discussed which resources we may want to request from compute canada

    Deepak:
   
    - adding data to UofT DACCS node

    Donny:

    - starting a summer course

    Misha:

    - planning UofT work for the rest of the summer
    - submitted a few pull requests for birdhouse-deploy

2. Software Architecture

   - Minimal subset of components for a node:
     - requires further discussion on github and then the executive committee should meet separately to discuss and make
       a final decision
    
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision

   - discuss proposed federation documentation:
       - invited everyone to participate in the discussion on github
       - executive committee will meet eventually to approve final edits

5. Opportunities for Growth
6. Other Topics
   Naming suggestions:
      - Marble is clear winner from the poll that Deepak sent
      - Donny suggests "Marbles"
      - Steve votes that we adopt "Marbles"

## Committee Decisions

1. Description: What should the name of the DACCS network be?

   - "Marbles"

2. Description: The minimal components required for a DACCS node are:

   - requires further discussion on github
   - no more discussion at future meetings required for now
