# DACCS executive committee meeting

## Logistics

Where: Online

When: 10/11/2023

Committee members present:

- Francis Charette Migneault
- Misha Schwartz
- David Huard

Other attendees:

- Donny Seto
- Deepak Chandan
- Alex Yu

## Agenda

1. Round Table
2. Software Architecture
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
5. Opportunities for Growth
6. Other Topics

## Action Items


## Notes

1. Round Table
   - Francis:
     - Working on the STAC populator with Deepak
       - Added dev tools
       - Next steps: wants to implement other populators
     - Question: is the STAC hooks PR still being worked on?
       - yes, but the hooks only magpie resources one way (thredds -> STAC)
     - Question: What are the next steps for STAC to become fully operational?
       - Francis: run it in docker in the STAC
         - Deepak: it's just a standalone script, so we don't need docker to run it
       - David: Where should we keep other examples of implementations?
         - Deepak: in the implementations folder of the stac-populator repo
         - Francis: we can also send PRs to the STAC extensions repo
       - Deepak: The CMIP6 STAC extension isn't fully stable (has pushed some changes to the relevant repo: https://github.com/TomAugspurger/cmip6/pull/1)
   - Deepak:
     - Adding historical data on UofT node
   - Misha:
     - working on the Magpie network authentication PR
       - only tests remain
     - resolving a bug in Magpie where username lookups are not case-sensitive
       - Francis: we should enforce all usernames to be lowercase and remove spaces while we're at it
   - Donny:
     - will post issues for the marbleclimate.com site
     - can users get a login on the UofT node?
       - Misha: sure
   - David:
     - Working on updates to hydro portion of PAVICS
   - Alex:
     - Working on the tutorials
     - Wrote site for daccs.ca
2. Software Architecture
   - Deepak:
     - Can we add a path to the file on disk as an asset in the STAC catalog 
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
5. Opportunities for Growth
    - Francis:
      - CRIM wants to organize an even to promote DACCS. Which organizations are interested in participating?
        - Ouranos is interested
        - Donny will think about it and discuss with Damon
        - UofT will discuss with Steve
      - David: If there is a large influx of new users, PAVICS could hit resources constraints. 
        - Misha: UofT could start taking more users soon but we should discuss that strategy another time
6. Other Topics
   - Misha:
    - We're working on tutorials for the marbleclimate.com (https://github.com/DACCS-Climate/marble-tutorials/issues/10)

## Committee Decisions
