# DACCS executive committee meeting

## Logistics

Where:

When: 08/12/2023

Committee members present:

Misha Schwartz
Francis Charette Migneault

Other attendees:

Alex Yu
Maximo Paredes Espinal
Donny Seto

## Agenda

1. Round Table
2. Software Architecture
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
5. Opportunities for Growth
6. Other Topics

## Action Items

- Discuss with Steve when the actual launch date will be for the Marble network

## Notes

1. Round Table
   - Maximo: 
     - CRIM is done budget-wise, will still attend meetings and do PR review but not much else
     - Will send NLP final report soon
     - To discuss:
       - How to manage this meeting going forward:
         - Maximo will transfer the link ownership to Misha
         - Next meeting will be January 12th (due to holiday vacations)
       - Multi-temporal analysis demo: to be done at the next meeting (January 12th)
       - Discussion about the stac populator direction
   - Francis:
     - STAC populator: discussion on a PR about converting CMIP6 data 
       - right now: Francis has created a PR to align the stac populator with STAC/pystac standards
       - Deepak is concerned that the standards are difficult for users to understand
       - Francis wants to eventually give this code to the STAC developers to maintain
       - Misha and Deepak will discuss and resolve the PR with Francis offline
     - Discussed with the STAC development team: how to represent ML training/testing/model data in STAC
       - Will allow users to catalog the full ML data pipeline in STAC
       - interested in implementing the https://github.com/crim-ca/dlm-extension in STAC
     - NLP: finishing a PR to add it to the jupyter image
   - Misha:
     - How to create a standardized jupyter image across the network?
       - Francis: suggestion to use the testing image's python environment as a baseline
   - Donny:
     - Finishing up the course preparation for next year
   - Alex:
     - Working on tutorials and a landing page for the UofT node
   - Misha: 
     - working on AGU poster
     - PR to allow users to access their magpie credentials in jupyterlab programmatically
     - PR to make the minimal components for the birdhouse stack the defaults
       - Question: we want to document all components in a readme file. Is it enough to do a basic summary in the
         current PR and then extend the documentation as-needed later?
         - Francis: yes
2. Software Architecture
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
5. Opportunities for Growth
6. Other Topics
    - We should figure out when the official launch will be (we need a specific date)

## Committee Decisions
