# DACCS executive committee meeting

## Logistics

Where: Online

When: 01/09/2023

Committee members present:

David Huard
Francis Charette Migneault
Misha Schwartz

Other attendees:

Maximo Paredes Espinal
Samuel Foucher
Alexander Yu
Deepak Chandan

## Agenda

1. Round Table
2. Software Architecture
    - node subset of components
    - https://github.com/DACCS-Climate/DACCS-executive-committee/issues/1
    - https://github.com/bird-house/birdhouse-deploy/issues/357
    - Is there further discussion needed for this?
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
    - allow nodes to authorize each other's users within the network
    - https://github.com/DACCS-Climate/DACCS-executive-committee/issues/8
5. Opportunities for Growth
   - OGC Open Science Persistent Demonstrator Request for Information:
     - https://github.com/DACCS-Climate/DACCS-executive-committee/issues/10
6. Other Topics

## Action Items


## Notes

1. Round Table
   - Discussion about STAC integration
     - Question from Maximo: how much time until the NLP team can start using it?
       - Answer: Deepak: CMIP6 will be ready shortly, for other data-types might be longer
                 David: might be a few months for all of Ouranos' data to get added to STAC
     - Question from Misha: does the NLP team need a lot of data to get it ready or just a few samples
       - Answer: Francis: we should ask the NLP team
     - Question form Misha: How can we organize the stac-populator in order to make the code reusable for different organizations
       - Answer: David: yes we should think about this but let's wait until we have a full implementation first
     - David: working on log parsing to report which data is downloaded by users. Has tried a few different options
     - Misha: working on allowing nodes to authenticate and authorize users from other nodes
     - Deepak: helping to host an app for subseasonal bias-corrected forcasts deployed on the UofT node in order to demo app support
     - Francis: 
       - updated Magpie to put all geoserver permissions in one place
       - updated PR to add X-robots tag
       - fixed weaver tests that still referenced flyingpigeon
       - Nazim working on MLflow integration but discovered some issues with the jupyter extensions (out of date)
     - Alex: worked on website (node landing page, content pages)
     - Samuel: met with group from eoAPI asking for feedback on their tools (STAC)
2. Software Architecture
   - node subset of components
     - Is there further discussion needed for this?
     - Answer: no
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
5. Opportunities for Growth
   - OGC Open Science Persistent Demonstrator Request for Information:
     - Question: should we answer separately or together
       - David suggests we answer separately since each organization might have different goals
       - We should create a shared document to coordinate our answers
6. Other Topics

## Committee Decisions

