# DACCS executive committee meeting

## Logistics

Where: Online

When: November 15th, 2024

Committee members present:

Other attendees:

## Agenda

1. Round Table
   - Francis: 
      - working on weaver
      - tests are currently broken for birdhouse-deploy
         - Francis will try to pin jenkins server to the old version of the tests so that tests will hopefully run
           (but may still be failing)
   - Steve: 
      - looking at this funding: https://natural-resources.canada.ca/science-and-data/science-and-research/geomatics/canadas-spatial-data-infrastructure/geoconnections-announcement-opportunities-for-fiscal-years-2025-2026-and-2026-2027/24300 
   - Shruti:
      - working on stac search design, 
   - David: not much 
   - Reyna:
      - working on era5 stac populator model
      - also looking at: https://tds2stac.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html
   - Cassie:
      - working on form for publishing data 
      - questions about how to add licenses to data:
         - discoverable group on Magpie
         - embedded in ncml files
         - added to stac item/catalog
   - Alex:
      - working on leaflet map for stac search
   - Donny: not much
   - Mickell: not much
   - Misha:
      - working on making the stac/queryables endpoint for the stac-app works faster
      - finalizing the log parser code
2. Software Architecture
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
5. Opportunities for Growth
6. Other Topics
   - how do you decide which new data you add to your server?

## Action Items


## Notes

1. Round Table
2. Software Architecture
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
5. Opportunities for Growth
6. Other Topics

## Committee Decisions

1. Description:

   In Favour:

   Not In Favour: 
