# DACCS executive committee meeting

## Logistics

Where: online

When:

Committee members present:

- Misha Schwartz
- David Huard

Other attendees:

- Steve Easterbrook
- Donny Seto
- James Hiebert
- Shruti Katkar
- Mickells Als

## Agenda

1. Round Table
2. Software Architecture
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
5. Opportunities for Growth
6. Other Topics

## Action Items


## Notes

1. Round Table
Steve:
   - CFI has approved the funding for another year (until 2025)
      - no additional funding but we are allowed to spend the existing money for another year
   - Plans for next year: grow our community
David:
   - worked on stac populator PR (https://github.com/crim-ca/stac-populator/pull/64)
James:
   - got DRAC allocation sent in (for another 3 years of cloud infrastructure)
Shruti:
   - Working on design on search mechanism for the stac UI
Donny:
   - PhD students want to use DACCS data for some projects, Donny will update shortly
Misha:
   - working on parsing prometheus metrics from logs
2. Software Architecture
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
5. Opportunities for Growth
6. Other Topics

## Committee Decisions
