# DACCS executive committee meeting

## Logistics

Where:

When:

Committee members present:

- Misha Schwartz
- Francis Charette Migneault
- David Huard

Other attendees:

- Samuel Foucher
- Deepak Chandan
- Alex Yu
- Steve Easterbrook

## Agenda

1. Round Table
2. Software Architecture
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
5. Opportunities for Growth
6. Other Topics

## Action Items


## Notes

1. Round Table
- Samuel Foucher:
  - Has a project, Geoimagenet, that we want to move from CRIM to a compute canada instance
  - Francis will help with this move
  - Needs help to upgrade other components, specifically Magpie
  - Francis show a demo of geoimagenet (https://github.com/crim-ca/geoimagenet)
  - Question: where would funding come from for geoimagenet
    - looking to get some in-kind time from DACCS project
    - applying for various government funding sources
  - Deepak mentioned that he has tried to deploy Marble on a compute canada node
    - offers to help with the deployment
  - David is interested in using geoimagenet code as a frontend for other data
  - Question: is there any benefit to joining this to the Marble network
    - maybe to offload the annotation work to another node
    - be able to pull in data from another node during the annotation process to help with the annotation
    - we could put the annotations into STAC (can be used by workflows on other nodes)
- David:
  - is going to be meeting folks from FRDR (https://www.frdr-dfdr.ca/repo/)
- Francis:
  - logging PR for birdhouse 
  - migrated platform for geoimagenet to CRIM
  - updated Magpie (dependency/security updates)
- Steve:
  - making progress on hiring UX experience
  - met with Amy Braverman from NASA JPL and is interested in using DACCS for data management
  - participated in https://climatefresk.org/
- Deepak:
  - working on STAC and python client tutorials
  - adding datasets to STAC on UofT's node
- Alex:
  - working on tutorials
- Misha:
  - working on tutorials (admin mostly)
  - creating social media handles on twitter, mastodon, linkedin, instagram
  - working on creating a discourse page as a user forum:
  - David: can we add the old support emails from PAVICS to the forum:
    - Sure, if we're ok with making them public
2. Software Architecture
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
5. Opportunities for Growth
6. Other Topics

## Committee Decisions
