# DACCS executive committee meeting

## Logistics

Where: Online

When: May 3rd 2023

Committee members present:

Misha Schwartz
David Huard
Francis Charette-Migneault

Other attendees:

Donny Seto
Maximo Paredes
Alexander Yu
Eric Yvorchuk
Shruti Katkar
Steve Easterbrook

## Agenda

1. Round Table
Francis:
    - STAC extensions for machine learning
    - Weaver: adding capabilities to be more compliant with the OGC spec
    - reviewed STAC extension for adding data location
    - geoimagenet: scheduled to work on the transfer some time in May
Donny:
    - Summer school: PAVICS tutorial on May 21st
David:
    - Attended ESGF conference:
      - to note: intake-esgf package (package to query ESGF intake catalog)
        - https://github.com/esgf2-us/intake-esgf
      - preparing for CMIP7
      - using towards using STAC catalog
      - Question: is there a CMIP7 STAC extension?
        - Not yet but we could suggest it
Maximo:
    - financial reporting: IOF funding
    - sending business reports to OGC
Steve:
   - Was at EGU conference presenting two posters for Marble
   - Went to WCRP (World Climate Research Program) workshop (Brussels): 
     - Subject: Robustness in Data for Climate Decision Making
   - Amazon research initiatives funding:
     - We didn't get it, but we're resubmitting next week
   - Had a talk with a wellcome trust representative (at WCRP)
Shruti:
   - Working on planning data search:
     - see https://github.com/DACCS-Climate/DACCS-executive-committee/issues/23
   - David: Suggesting we reach out to STAC community to ask for opinions
     - Francis: join the stac-utils google group
Alex: 
   - Working on the mobile design for the website
Eric:
   - Setting up new server for Marble node (with AlmaLinux9)
   - Discussion about making the Marble stack scalable
Misha:
   - Deepak has uploaded more data on the UofT node
   - Magpie PR to coordinate users across the network is ready for a review
   - PR to remove PAVICS specific code from the network is also done
2. Software Architecture
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
5. Opportunities for Growth
6. Other Topics

## Action Items

- Misha to send presentation from last year's summer school PAVICS presentation to Donny

## Notes

1. Round Table
2. Software Architecture
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
5. Opportunities for Growth
6. Other Topics

## Committee Decisions
