# DACCS executive committee meeting

## Logistics

Where: Online

When: 09/02/2024

Committee members present:

David Huard
Misha Schwartz
Francis Charette Migneault

Other attendees:

Deepak Chandan
Samuel Foucher
Alex Yu
Donny Seto
Steve Easterbrook

## Agenda

1. Round Table
2. Software Architecture
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
5. Opportunities for Growth
6. Other Topics

## Action Items


## Notes

1. Round Table
Samuel:
   - got the rapid allocation from compute canada for geoimagenet
   - met with Deepak and Misha to explain the work-plan for geoimagenet
Deepak:
   - joined OSPD meetings
   - coordinating with UofT physics dept to possibly install a Marble node
   - Question: Why not just use the existing UofT node (Red Oak)
     - Answer: Paul wants control of their own data/users
       - Also, gives us the opportunity to try out installing the software with a remote 
     - There is some concern that the upkeep work of a node will be too much for this group 
   - created a Marble branded jupyterlab image
   - Question: Can PAVICS integrate some of these features in the new jupyterlab image
     - Answer: yes if it works with the end-to-end testing pipeline
   - Question: Can we add documentation about what is in each JupyterLab image
     - Answer: yes, either in the tutorials or through a link on the JupyterLab page
David:
   - suggestion regarding PCIC: we should check back in with them now that they have a new director
Alex:
   - working on use-cases page for the website
Steve:
    - has hired a UX designer at UofT
    - looking how to allocate unspent money at the end of 2024
      - can ask for an additional extension
      - can fund people outside the dev team to add workflows/examples
      - can spend on infrastructure (disks, servers)
    - students from his course were interviewed on CBC
Donny:
    - graduate course is going well
    - redoing a research paper
    - idea for how to allocate UofT money:
      - hackathon that uses the platform and everyone submits something at the end of the project
Francis:
    - discussions with Misha about adding features to Weaver
    - OSPD discussions:
      - creating workflows with weaver that use the OGC members
Misha:
    - adding features to Weaver
    - writing tutorials for Marble 
    - planning to deploy discourse on compute canada 
2. Software Architecture

Question: how easy would it be to install the weaver client independent of weaver?
Answer: they're pretty interconnected and if we separate them it would require extensive additional testing

3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
5. Opportunities for Growth
6. Other Topics

## Committee Decisions

