# DACCS executive committee meeting

## Logistics

Where: Online

When: January 10th, 2025

Committee members present:

- Misha Schwartz
- David Huard

Other attendees:

- Alex Yu
- Shruti Katkar
- Steve Easterbrook

## Agenda

1. Round Table
2. Software Architecture
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
5. Opportunities for Growth
6. Other Topics

## Action Items


## Notes

1. Round Table
David:
   - David and Travis have been asked to write a vision paper about plan and risks to PAVICS over the next few years
   - will share the document with the group
Alex:
   - component library for STAC search UI (should be finished by end of day)
Shruti:
   - researching variable definitions for STAC extensions
   - Question:
      - David: Here are sources for information
         - https://github.com/WCRP-CMIP/CMIP6_CVs
         - https://cfconventions.org/Data/cf-standard-names/current/build/cf-standard-name-table.html
Steve:
   - started teaching new course
Misha:
   - Framework for integration tests for birdhouse using pytest (https://github.com/bird-house/birdhouse-deploy/pull/492)
   - Discussed roadblock for PAVICS upgrading to version 2 (https://github.com/bird-house/birdhouse-deploy/pull/480)
   - Working on speeding up /queryables endpoint for STAC app (https://github.com/crim-ca/stac-app)

2. Software Architecture
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
5. Opportunities for Growth
6. Other Topics

Geoconnections proposal:
   - UofT and Ouranos have submitted documents to CRIM to add in to the proposal

## Committee Decisions
