# DACCS executive committee meeting

## Logistics

Where: Online

When: March 7th 2025

Committee members present:

Misha Schwartz
David Huard
Francis Charette-Migneault

Other attendees:

Steve Easterbrook
Alexander Yu

## Agenda

1. Round Table
2. Software Architecture
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
   - Discuss whether data in the Marble network should be mirrored between nodes
5. Opportunities for Growth
6. Other Topics

## Action Items


## Notes

1. Round Table
Donny:
   - working on climate data hub for Greater Montreal
David:
   - working on Cordex extension for STAC, it should be ready to be pulled in 
   - Ouranos is planning on making data available on Globus node
   - providing 2d land-surface variables and analysis notebooks
Francis:
   - PR reviews
   - working on OGC initiatives for testbed20
      - provenance tracking of processing (deployed on weaver)
      - provenance tracking of docker images
         - our images do not contain very good metadata and we should add it to track provenance
            - see:
               - https://docs.docker.com/scout/policy/
               - https://docs.docker.com/build/metadata/attestations/
   - has been asking groups at CRIM to integrate STAC as a catalog option
Steve:
   - new paper on climate data practices published
      - https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3719346
   - looking at the envi-met software as a teaching tool
      - https://envi-met.com/microclimate-simulation-software/
   - we've finished downloading the E3SM and CESM input data and it is now available on the Red Oak THREDDS server
Alex:
   - Working on STAC search
2. Software Architecture
3. Potential Risks
4. Federation Decision
   - Discuss whether data in the Marble network should be mirrored between nodes
      - David:
         - at PAVICS data is backed up to tape storage (located at Ouranos)
      - Steve:
         - we've been talking with SciNet to get tape backups for Red Oak
      - We should improve tracking of which data is most accessed to determine which (if any) datasets need to be mirrored
         - priority should go to the most accessed datasets
      - Should we be backing up user workspaces:
         - discussion summary: probably not but we should be making it clearer to the user that they need to back up their own data/use version control or something similar.

5. Opportunities for Growth
6. Other Topics

## Committee Decisions
